now 17 Thai Nationals have arrived home
in Bangkok after being freed in Gaza
where Hamas held them for weeks 19 ties
captured on October the 7th have been
released so far the government says
another 13 Nationals are still being
held in Gaza It also says 39 of its
Nationals were killed in the attack by
Hamas Let's cross now to Bangkok Jessica
Washington is at the airport it's been
monetary events there so Jessica just
tell us what's happened I think they've
landed only recently and now uh coming
out to be shown to the
public that's exactly right they just
passed through this Corridor behind me
only a few seconds ago many of them
waving smiling at alzer's cameras
certainly you could sense uh that they
were feeling extremely relieved they
were they had broad Smiles as they walk
through now there is a press conference
and I'll just talk you through what has
been said uh the Tha prime minister
delivered a message directly to them he
asked how they're doing and one of the
hostages said that that one of the
captives rather said that they they are
doing well and that they are pleased to
know that they've had this moral support
throughout the time that they have been
in captivity another one also said that
they weren't treated uh in a in a bad
way as he described conditions of the
detention during their time as being
held uh in captive by Hamas but of
course the Thai government has
reiterated that it believes nine Tha
Nationals remain in captivity remain uh
detained by hamama so that is their
priority at this stage and they have
also asked the media not to ask too many
questions of the released captives
noting that of course they must be
exhausted after what they have been
through these past few weeks we've also
met with some of the relatives who've
been waiting at bangkok's main airport
to welcome their loved ones back home
one mother said that she traveled four
to 5 hours on a bus just to be here to
greet her son who she has missed so
dearly and she has been so worried about
them others that we've been speaking to
say that they are waiting for their
loved ones to return to the provinces to
their hometowns they are preparing
festivities for their loved ones as they
celebrate an outcome which they feared
may have never
happened Jessica thanks for that update
there Jessica Washington in Bangkok
thank
you